_docs/widgets/charts.md, before:

# Charts widget

Adding a new chart widget is done by Module.php for your module, similar to adding a menu:

```php
		$statsItem = new ChartsItem([
			'title'   => 'User classification by group',
			'type'   => 'line',
			'cssClass'   => 'col-6',
		]);
		$statsItem->addDataset('auth_groups_users', 'group', 'user_id');
		$widgets->widget('charts')->collection('charts')->addItem($statsItem);
```

**title**

The title of the chart displayed at the top center

**type**

The type of chart.
The available options are:
```
- line
- bar
- doughnut
- pie
- polarArea
```

**cssClass**

Set the width of the chart.
Examples options are:
```
- col-3
- col-6
- col-9
- col-12
```

**addDataset()**

Currently, only one dataset can be added to the chart. The required parameters are:

- Name of the table
- Grouping field
- Field to count

It is possible to indicate a fourth parameter to choose the counting mode; the possible values are:

```php
- count
- avg
- max
- min
- sum
```

- if indicate **count** then **selectCount($field)** is executed
- if indicate **avg** then **selectAvg($field)**  is executed
- if indicate **max** then **selectMax($field)**  is executed
- if indicate **min** then **selectMin($field)**  is executed
- if indicate **sum** then **selectSum($field)**  is executed

---

## Configuration

All settings are available in the administration settings area.

Each type of widget has its own specific settings.

---

### Charts ###

***Line Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\LineChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation
- You can choose the value of the tension: Bezier curve tension of the line. Set to 0 to draw straightlines.

Advanced settings:

- You can set Line color
- You can set Line width

---

***Bar Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\BarChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation

---

***Doughnut Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\DoughnutChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation

---

***Pie Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\PieChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation

---

***Polar Area Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\PolarAreaChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation

---

Commit message:

- Added the ability to set a default color scheme to fill the chart

_docs/widgets/charts.md, after:

# Charts widget

Adding a new chart widget is done by Module.php for your module, similar to adding a menu:

```php
		$statsItem = new ChartsItem([
			'title'   => 'User classification by group',
			'type'   => 'line',
			'cssClass'   => 'col-6',
		]);
		$statsItem->addDataset('auth_groups_users', 'group', 'user_id');
		$widgets->widget('charts')->collection('charts')->addItem($statsItem);
```

**title**

The title of the chart displayed at the top center

**type**

The type of chart.
The available options are:
```
- line
- bar
- doughnut
- pie
- polarArea
```

**cssClass**

Set the width of the chart.
Examples options are:
```
- col-3
- col-6
- col-9
- col-12
```

**addDataset()**

Currently, only one dataset can be added to the chart. The required parameters are:

- Name of the table
- Grouping field
- Field to count

It is possible to indicate a fourth parameter to choose the counting mode; the possible values are:

```php
- count
- avg
- max
- min
- sum
```

- if indicate **count** then **selectCount($field)** is executed
- if indicate **avg** then **selectAvg($field)**  is executed
- if indicate **max** then **selectMax($field)**  is executed
- if indicate **min** then **selectMin($field)**  is executed
- if indicate **sum** then **selectSum($field)**  is executed

---

## Configuration

All settings are available in the administration settings area.

Each type of widget has its own specific settings.

---

### Charts ###

***Line Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\LineChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation
- You can choose the value of the tension: Bezier curve tension of the line. Set to 0 to draw straightlines.

Advanced settings:

- You can set Line color
- You can set Line width

---

***Bar Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\BarChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation
- Set the default color scheme to fill the chart

---

***Doughnut Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\DoughnutChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation
- Set the default color scheme to fill the chart

---

***Pie Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\PieChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation
- Set the default color scheme to fill the chart

---

***Polar Area Chart***

You can set the default values in the *Bonfire\Modules\Widgets\Config\PolarAreaChart* Class

In the administration settings area, you can choose to:
- Display the title
- View the legend
- Choose the location of the legend
- Enable animation
- Set the default color scheme to fill the chart

---
