# Installation

Bonfire is an application kick-starter. It is designed so that you can download it and use it as the base of your
application, modifying everything as you would need to.  It uses [Composer](https://getcomposer.org) to install
and manage dependencies. These directions assume that you have Composer installed globally. If you do not, then 
you will need to adjust the commands according to your setup.

## Download Initial Repo

The first step in installation is to download the latest version of Bonfire. From your command line type the following: 

    >  php composer create-project lonnieezell/bonfire critormiss --stability dev

This will download the latest version and all dependencies into the sub-folder, `app`. If you wish to install into 
a different directory then simply change `app` to the desired directly name. 

## Run The Install Script

To setup the initial environment, a CLI command is provided to do all of the setup you need to get up and running. 
From the project root, type: 

    > php spark bf:install

This will: 

- Copy the `env` file to `.env` to save your site's customized setting.
- Set the environment to `development` so you can see errors and use the Debug Toolbar
- Prompt you for your site's base url and update the `.env` file (i.e. http://localhost:8080 or http://bonfire.test)
- Prompt you for your database credentials and database name, saving that to the `.env` file
- Run all migrations so the database is setup and ready to go
- Prompt you for your super admin name and credentials and create that user in the database. 

## Enjoy

That's all that's needed to get started. You can now visit `http://localhost:8080/admin` and login with your new user.



