# Installation

Bonfire is an admin area at heart. It is designed so that you can download it and incorporate into your
new or existing CodeIgniter 4 application, modifying everything as you would need to.
It uses [Composer](https://getcomposer.org) to install and manage dependencies. These directions assume that
you have Composer installed globally. If you do not, then you will need to adjust the commands according
to your setup.

NOTE: CODEIGNITER VERSIONS PRIOR TO 4.2 MUST EXTEND THE VALIDATION CLASS FROM BASECONFIG.

## Install CodeIgniter

You must have an existing CodeIgniter 4 project already setup. To install a new project, type the folloing
at the command line:

    > composer create-project codeigniter4/appstarter my-app --stability dev
		
You need to add the following setting to composer.json:

    > "minimum-stability": "dev"

This creates a new CodeIgniter 4 project in the `my-app` directory. Finish any required setup as per
the [CodeIgniter User Guide](https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/installation/installing_composer.html#installation-set-up).

## Download Initial Repo

Next you need to install Bonfire as a dependency in your project. From your command line type the following:

    >  composer require lonnieezell/bonfire --stability dev

This will download the latest version and all dependencies.

## Run The Install Script

To setup the initial environment, a CLI command is provided to do all of the setup you need to get up and running.
From the project root, type:

    > php spark bf:install

This will:

- Copy the `env` file to `.env` to save your site's customized setting.
- Set the environment to `development` so you can see errors and use the Debug Toolbar
- Prompt you for your site's base url and update the `.env` file (i.e. http://localhost:8080 or http://bonfire.test)
- Prompt you for your database credentials and database name, saving that to the `.env` file

Then it will present you with two recommendations:

```
If you need to create your database, you may run:
	php spark db:create <database name>

To migrate and create the initial user, please run:
	php spark bf:install --continue
```

Continuing the installation will then do the following:

- Run all migrations so the database is setup and ready to go
- Prompt you for your super admin name and credentials and create that user in the database.

## Enjoy

That's all that's needed to get started. You can now visit `http://localhost:8080/admin` and login with your new user.
